Update v7.2.0 CHANGELOG.md (#454)
mia-platform/crud-service: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - resolved a regression introduced starting from v7, where the pod would remain running despite index creation errors; now, it fails to start and logs the error properly

Author: ```suggestion
- resolved a regression introduced starting from v7, where the pod would remain running despite index creation errors; now, the service does not start in case it encounters an error creating an index, providing a log describing the issue
```
